    # Pokemon TCG Collection Tracker
    #### Video Demo:  https://youtu.be/MqCWGpplfsk
    #### Description: This is a project that helps keep track of your Pokemon card collection and exports it into a csv file. It mainly depends on the pokemontcg.io api to grab information about Pokemon cards. To run the program the user has to ensure that there is a name for the output file in the terminal line. Firstly, the user has to input the name of the Pokemon and the card number from a Pokemon set that contains the card, the number is optional because generally most people do not know the card number of a certain card. The program will then validate if the card exists in the api or not, if it doesn't exist, it will reprompt the user for another input. After the input or inputs are validated, the program will run its respective functions corresponding to the number of inputs, if the name and card number are typed, the program will find the exact card. If only the name is typed, the program will list cards with the same name then the user has to input the correct id of the card. The card will then be stored in a list however the user sees a table using the tabulate library. The user can input as many cards as the user wants into the program to store it. After the user has input the cards that he wants to store, the user can then save and quit by using the q button on the keyboard. The program will then export the list into a csv file displaying the name, the id and the set that the card comes from with headers.
    Throughout the development of this project, there were many hiccups and obstacles. Originally, I planned to make a program that can also show the price of each card as well as the total price of the user's entire collection however, some cards with the same name have different variations like holo, reverse holo, first edition and many more. I decided to just keep it simple and just display the name, id and set because if you want to add a card into your collection, you probably do not need to know the price as you have already owned the card, if not, it wouldn't be your collection. The other obstacle I had was learning how to use the pokemontcg.io api. I spent an entire day just testing functions and variables that come with the api and read the documentation to figure out what was going on. Whenever I do not understand, I will ask questions in the api's discord to fully understand the api before using it.
    Overall, this was a really fun project and I hope the user enjoys the program as much as I did. I want to program something that matches one of my hobbies with my programming skills. I have been an avid Pokemon fan since I was young and I hope this program brings back the nostalgia of card collecting. Thank you for taking the time to review my project!

